annot: heat some mustard oil in a pan
ACTID: 0
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] some mustard oil  (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: Add cinnamon, bay leaf, cardamom, cloves and green cardamom
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] cinnamon (-1), bay leaf (-1), cardamom (-1), cloves (-1), green cardamom (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: Add finely chopped onions
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] finely chopped onions (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: stir to cook
ACTID: 3
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (2)
annot: Add a little bit salt
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] a little bit salt (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: Add the mutton to the pan
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the mutton (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (4)
annot: stir to cook
ACTID: 6
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (5)
annot: Add garlic ginger paste to the mixture
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] garlic ginger paste (-1)
[PP, food, to] the mixture (6)
annot: Add the tomato puree
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the tomato puree (-1)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: stir
ACTID: 9
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (8)
annot: Cover the pan to cook for 15 minutes
ACTID: 10
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] the pan  (9)
[PP, other, for] 15 minutes (-1)
annot: Add red chilli powder, onion powder and more salt
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] red chilli powder (-1), onion powder (-1), more salt (-1)
[PP, food, ] (10)
annot: stir
ACTID: 12
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (11)
annot: Add the yogurt and coriander leaves to the pan
ACTID: 13
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the yogurt (-1), coriander leaves (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (12)
annot: stir
ACTID: 14
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (13)
annot: Cover to cook for another 40 minutes
ACTID: 15
PRED: Cover
[DOBJ, food] (14)
[PP, other, for] another 40 minutes (-1)
annot: garnish with more coriander leaves
ACTID: 16
PRED: garnish
[DOBJ, food] (15)
[PP, food, with] more coriander leaves (-1)